# Product-Frequency
This project was created for a theoretical grocery store. The program analyzes a text record where purchased products were added throughout the day. This gives the store an idea of how much product is being purchased so they can restock accordingly.
In this project, I am particularly happy about the loop. Although it is simple, it gives me a sense of accomplishment when I receive the answers to the menu selections, and the program continues until manually exited. 
I had a hard time creating the class. When I started coding it, I figured out how to output the menu, but having to open the text file and then create a small loop to receive the user input frequency, I did not have the time to appropriately configure it to the class. If I were to reassess the program, I would add more of the code into the class file. This could have shortened and organized the main file. 
There were more than a few times when I had to open Zybook. After loops, I found it difficult to understand how to deal with files, and after pointers, I was completely lost. Unfortunately, I did not have the time I was hoping for with this class. A few major life changes took over, and my already limited time was cut in half. Between Zybooks and C++ tutorials, I was fortunately able to complete the assignment. There was much frustration, but once it clicked, it was the best feeling.
My biggest challenge will come in handy later in my career. I had no idea how to search the text file, but now I do. This class has made me realize a little better  how these programs might translate to the outside. The biggest thing I always take away is how to find the solution when I do not know it. For example, there were a few times when I wrote a block of code, saved it, and ran it. But the code threw errors, and I had to find what was wrong. I tried a few solutions, but could not figure out the problem. When it happened, I turned to my resources and looked for answers. Each time I get stumped, finding the solution expands my knowledge.
When writing the code for this project, my main focus was on whitespace. I did not want it to look jumbled together. If this were completed with a team, I would want to look through and understand what has been done and what still needs to be done. Personally, if something looks messy, I am the type of person to avoid those situations because it overwhelms me. So, if I were a part of a team, and the code was messy, I am the type of person who would clean it up and make it legible.
